Update full tutorials from develop (#567)
Avaiga/taipy-doc: docs/tutorials/complete_applications/complete_application/step_01/ReadMe.md

Reviewer: Please rename the file to match the step name: step_01.md

> > You can download the full code [here](https://github.com/Avaiga/taipy-getting-started/tree/develop/src).

Reviewer: The link is now incorrect. 
We can zip the code and store it in step_01 folder as a zip file. and replace the link by a download link.

# Data Visualization Page

This is a guide to create a Data Visualization page for our example. The page contains interactive visual elements to display data from a CSV file.

> ![Interactive GUI](result.gif){ width=700 style="margin:auto;display:block;border: 4px solid rgb(210,210,210);border-radius:7px" }"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Interactive GUI](result.gif){ width=700 style="margin:auto;display:block;border: 4px solid rgb(210,210,210);border-radius:7px" }
```

## Importing the Dataset

To import the dataset, use the following Python code:

```python
import pandas as pd

def get_data(path_to_csv: str):
    dataset = pd.read_csv(path_to_csv)
    dataset["Date"] = pd.to_datetime(dataset["Date"])
    return dataset

path_to_csv = "dataset.csv"
dataset = get_data(path_to_csv)
```

## Visual Elements

> Taipy GUI introduces the concept of *Visual elements*, which are graphical objects displayed on the client. You can use various visual elements such as [slider](https://docs.taipy.io/en/latest/manuals/gui/viselements/slider/), a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Taipy introduces the concept of *Visual elements*, which are graphical objects displayed on the client. You can use various visual elements such as [slider](https://docs.taipy.io/en/latest/manuals/gui/viselements/slider/), a 
```

[chart](https://docs.taipy.io/en/latest/manuals/gui/viselements/chart/), a 
[table](https://docs.taipy.io/en/latest/manuals/gui/viselements/table/), an 
[input](https://docs.taipy.io/en/latest/manuals/gui/viselements/input/), a 
[menu](https://docs.taipy.io/en/latest/manuals/gui/viselements/menu/), etc. Check the list 
[here](https://docs.taipy.io/en/latest/manuals/gui/viselements/controls/). The syntax for adding a visual element is as follows:

```markdown
<|{variable}|visual_element_name|param_1=param_1|param_2=param_2| ... |>
```

> For example, to add a [slider](https://docs.taipy.io/en/latest/manuals/gui/viselements/slider/) that modifies the value of the variable *n_week*, use the following syntax:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to add a [slider]https://docs.taipy.io/en/latest/manuals/gui/viselements/slider/)
that modifies the value of the variable *n_week*, use the following syntax:
```

```markdown
<|{n_week}|slider|min=1|max=52|>
```

To display a chart with the dataset's content, use the following syntax:

```markdown
<|{dataset}|chart|type=bar|x=Date|y=Value|>
```

## Interactive GUI

The Data Visualization page contains the following visual elements:

- A slider connected to the Python variable *n_week*.
- A chart representing the DataFrame content.

## Multi-client - state

> Taipy maintains a separate state for each client connection. The state holds the values of all variables used in the user interface. For example, modifying *n_week* through a slider will update *state.n_week*, not the global Python variable *n_week*. Each client has its own state, ensuring that changes made by one client don't affect others.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Taipy maintains a separate state for each client connection. The state holds the values of all variables used in the user interface. For example, modifying *n_week* through a slider will
update *state.n_week*, not the global Python variable *n_week*. Each client has its own state,
ensuring that changes made by one client don't affect others.
```

## [Callbacks](https://docs.taipy.io/en/latest/manuals/gui/callbacks/)

> In each visual elements, callbacks can be placed. This will only you to update variables depending on user action. (See local callback and global callback)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In every visual element, you can add callbacks. This allows you to update variables based on user actions. (Check out local callbacks and global callbacks for more information.)
```

> In each visual elements, callbacks can be placed. This will only you to update variables depending on user action. (See local callback and global callback)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In each visual elements, callbacks can be placed. This allows you to update variables
depending on a user action. (See local callback and global callback)
```

- state: The state object containing all the variables.
- The name of the modified variable. (optional)
- Its new value. (optional)

Here's an example of *on_change()* function to update *state.dataset_week* based on the selected week from the slider:

```markdown
<|{n_week}|slider|min=1|max=52|on_change=on_slider|>
```

```python
def on_slider(state):
    state.dataset_week = dataset[dataset["Date"].dt.isocalendar().week == state.n_week]
```

## Markdown (pages/data_viz/data_viz.md)

Here is the entire Markdown of the first page.

```markdown
# Data Visualization page

Select week: *<|{n_week}|>*

<|{n_week}|slider|min=1|max=52|on_change=on_slider|>

<|{dataset_week}|chart|type=bar|x=Date|y=Value|>
```

## Python code (pages/data_viz/data_viz.py)

> You can find below the associated code with the Markdown that will populate the objects of the page and create the interaction between the slider and the chart.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Below, you'll find the code that goes along with the Markdown. This code will fill in the objects on the page and establish the interaction between the slider and the chart.
```
